OCPBUGS-42627:updates UDN annotation details (#82764)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-udn-cr.adoc

[id="nw-udn-cr_{context}"]
= Creating a UserDefinedNetwork custom resource

> The following procedure creates a user-defined network that is namespace scoped. Based upon your use case, create your request using either the "my-layer-two-udn.yaml" example for a `Layer2` topology type or the "my-layer-three-udn.yaml" example for a `Layer3` topology type.

Reviewer: Are these intentionally quotes instead of backticks?
```suggestion
The following procedure creates a user-defined network that is namespace scoped. Based upon your use case, create your request using either the `my-layer-two-udn.yaml` example for a `Layer2` topology type or the `my-layer-three-udn.yaml` example for a `Layer3` topology type.
```

Author: Yeah, they were. I wasn't sure tbh how these should be cited. I see that if you were citing a section you'd use " " but then I see your point [here](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#additional-resources-sections:~:text=or%20example%20names%20for%20individual%20API).

.Procedure

. Create a request for either a `Layer2` or `Layer3` topology type user-defined network:

> .. Create a YAML file, such as `my-layer-two-udn.yaml`, to define your request as in the following example:

Reviewer 2: Maybe explicitly call out that `my-layer-two-udn.yaml` is a "layer 2" example. I know the name of the YAML implies that, but...

    mtu: 9000 # <5>
    subnets:
      - "10.0.0.0/24"
      - "2001:db8::/60" # <6>
----
<1> Name of your `UserDefinedNetwork` resource. This should not be `default` or duplicate any global namespaces created by the Cluster Network Operator (CNO).

> <2> The `topology` field describes the network configuration, accepted values are `Layer2` and `Layer3`. Specifying a `Layer2` topology type creates one logical switch that is shared by all nodes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<2> The `topology` field describes the network configuration. Accepted values are `Layer2` and `Layer3`. Specifying a `Layer2` topology type creates one logical switch that is shared by all nodes.
```

Probably a period or a conjunction.

Author: Went with a semi-colon since the sentences are so short.

<3> This field specifies the topology configuration, it can be `layer2` or `layer3`.
<4> Specifies `Primary` or `Secondary`. `Primary` is the only `role` specification supported in {product-version}.
<5> The maximum transmission units (MTU) is an optional field. The default value is `1400`. The boundary for IPv4 is `574`, and for IPv6 it is `1280`.
<6> For `Layer2` topology types the following specifies config details for the `subnet` field:
+
* The subnets field is optional.
* The subnets field is of type `string` and accepts standard CIDR formats for both IPv4 and IPv6.
* The subnets field accepts one or two items. For two items, they must be of a different family. For example, subnets values of `10.100.0.0/16` and `2001:db8::/64`.

> * `Layer2` subnets may be omitted. If omitted, users must configure IP addresses for the pods. As a consequence, port security only prevents MAC spoofing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `Layer2` subnets can be omitted. If omitted, users must configure IP addresses for the pods. As a consequence, port security only prevents MAC spoofing.
```

* The `Layer2` `subnets` field is mandatory when the `ipamLifecycle` field is specified.

+

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 2: This note isn't lined up. I think you need to backspace line 52.

====

> There are two additional configurations that UDN uses, `spec.joinSubnets` and `spec.IPAMlifecycle`. It is not recommended to set these fields without explicit need and understanding of the OVN network topology.

Reviewer 2: Colon maybe. 

```suggestion
There are two additional configurations that UDN uses: `spec.joinSubnets` and `spec.IPAMlifecycle`. It is not recommended to set these fields without explicit need and understanding of the OVN network topology.
```

When omitted, the platform will set default values for the `joinSubnets` field of `100.65.0.0/16` for IPv4 and  `fd99::/64` for IPv6. If the default address values are used anywhere in the cluster's network you must override it by setting the `joinSubnets` field. If you choose to set this field, ensure it does not conflict with other subnets in the cluster such as the cluster subnet, the `default` network cluster subnet, and the masquerade subnet.

> The `joinSubnets` field configures the routing between different segments within the Layer 2 network. Dual-stack clusters may set 2 subnets, one for each IP family, otherwise only 1 subnet is allowed. This field is only allowed for the `Primary` network.

Reviewer 2: semicolon maybe? 

```suggestion
The `joinSubnets` field configures the routing between different segments within the Layer 2 network. Dual-stack clusters can set 2 subnets, one for each IP family; otherwise only 1 subnet is allowed. This field is only allowed for the `Primary` network.
```

> The `IPAMLifecycle` field configures the IP address management system (IPAM). This field is allowed when `topology` is `layer2`. The `subnets` field must be specified when this field is specified. The `Persistent` value specifies that workloads have persistent IP addresses. These are assigned by the container network interface (CNI) and used by OVN-Kubernetes to program pod IP addresses. You must not change this for pod annotations.

Reviewer 3: > The `Persistent` value specifies that workloads have persistent IP addresses.

This is a bit misleading. Only the workloads that request a persistent IP will have one - not all IPs will be persistent. For instance, **all** virt workloads attached to this network will request a persistent IP on this particular attachment *if* the network has this knob enabled.

And IMHO we should indicate when this is supposed to be used; this knob is recommended to be used if you are attaching virt-workloads to this network.

Reviewer 3: The point is that not everything connected to a network with this knob enabled will have persistent IPs; only the workloads requesting it will. I.e. while it is a network wide setting, it does **not** apply to all attachments to the network

> Setting a value of `Persistent` ensures that your virtual workloads have persistent IP addresses.

I would clarify it further with: "Setting a value of `Persistent` ensures that your virtual machine workloads have persistent IP addresses across reboots, and migration."

Author: done

====

> .. Create a YAML file, such as `my-layer-three-udn.yaml`, to define your request as in the following example:

Reviewer 2: The numbering is weird here. It goes from "a" to "a". 

I think the problem with going `..` is that it denotes sequential steps. For example, even if it properly rendered, the layer 2 example would be "a", and the layer 3 example would be "b", which, in some ways (arguably), indicates sequential steps. 

Maybe consider * in lieu of .. ?

Additionally, maybe explicitly call out that `my-layer-three-udn.yaml` is a "layer 3" example. I know the name of the YAML implies that, but you know how it is sometimes.

+
[source, yaml]
----
apiVersion: k8s.ovn.org/v1
kind: UserDefinedNetwork
metadata:
  name: udn-2-primary # <1>
  namespace: <some_custom_namespace>
spec:
  topology: Layer3 # <2>
  layer3: # <3>
    role: Primary # <4>
    mtu: 1300 # <5>
    subnets: # <6>
      - cidr: 10.150.0.0/16
        hostSubnet: 24
      - cidr: 2001:db8::/60
        hostSubnet: 64
----
<1> Name of your `UserDefinedNetwork` resource. This should not be `default` or duplicate any global namespaces created by the Cluster Network Operator (CNO).

> <2> The `topology` field describes the network configuration, accepted values are `Layer2` and `Layer3`. Specifying a `Layer3` topology type creates a layer 2 segment per node, each with a different subnet. Layer 3 routing is used to interconnect node subnets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<2> The `topology` field describes the network configuration. Accepted values are `Layer2` and `Layer3`. Specifying a `Layer3` topology type creates a layer 2 segment per node, each with a different subnet. Layer 3 routing is used to interconnect node subnets.
```

> <3> This field specifies the topology configuration, valid values are `layer2` or `layer3`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<3> This field specifies the topology configuration. Valid values are `layer2` or `layer3`.
```

> <4> Specifies a `Primary` or `Secondary` role. `Primary` is the only `role` specification supported in {product-version}.

Reviewer 2: Be careful with {product-version} here. This will carry over into 4.18 and say "4.18" in that version. not sure if that's what you intend.

<5> The maximum transmission units (MTU) is an optional field. The default value is `1400`. The boundary for IPv4 is `574`, and for IPv6 it is `1280`.
<6> For `Layer3` topology types the following specifies config details for the `subnet` field:
+
* The `subnets` field is mandatory.
* The type for the `subnets` field is `cidr` and `hostSubnet`:
** `cidr` is the cluster subnet and accepts a string value.
** `hostSubnet` specifies the nodes subnet prefix that the cluster subnet is split to.
** For IPv6, only a `/64` length is supported for `hostSubnet`.
+
[NOTE]
====

> There is an additional configurations that UDN uses for a `Layer3` topology, `spec.joinSubnets`. It is not recommended to set this field without explicit need and understanding of the OVN network topology.

Reviewer 2: "are" additional configurations, or "is" an additional configuration? 

```suggestion
There is an additional configuration that UDN uses for a `Layer3` topology: `spec.joinSubnets`. It is not recommended to set this field without explicit need and understanding of the OVN network topology.
```

> When omitted, the platform will set as a default value for IPv4 `100.65.0.0/16` and for IPv6 `fd99::/64`. If the default address values are used anywhere in the cluster's network you must override it by setting the `joinSubnets` field. If you choose to set this field, ensure it does not conflict with other subnets in the cluster such as the cluster subnet, the `default` network cluster subnet, and the masquerade subnet.

Reviewer 2: Note use of of "will" here and above. You might consider omitting.

> The `joinSubnets` field configures the routing between different segments within the Layer 2 network. Dual-stack clusters may set 2 subnets, one for each IP family, otherwise only 1 subnet is allowed. This field is only allowed for the `Primary` network.

Reviewer 2: If you use a semicolon above, consider using it here: 

```suggestion
The `joinSubnets` field configures the routing between different segments within the Layer 2 network. Dual-stack clusters might set 2 subnets, one for each IP family; otherwise only 1 subnet is allowed. This field is only allowed for the `Primary` network.
```

====

.. Apply your request by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f <my_layer_two_udn.yaml>
----
+

> Where <my_layer_two_udn.yaml> is the name of your `Layer2` or `Layer3` configuration file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Where `<my_layer_two_udn.yaml>` is the name of your `Layer2` or `Layer3` configuration file.
```

----
<1> Name of your `UserDefinedNetwork` resource. This should not be `default` or duplicate any global namespaces created by the Cluster Network Operator (CNO).
<2> The `topology` field describes the network configuration, accepted values are `Layer2` and `Layer3`. Specifying a `Layer3` topology type creates a layer 2 segment per node, each with a different subnet. Layer 3 routing is used to interconnect node subnets.
<3> This field specifies the topology configuration, valid values are `layer2` or `layer3`.
<4> Specifies a `Primary` or `Secondary` role. `Primary` is the only `role` specification supported in {product-version}.
<5> The maximum transmission units (MTU) is an optional field. The default value is `1400`. The boundary for IPv4 is 574, and for IPv6 it is 1280.
<6> For `Layer3` topology types the following specifies config details for the `subnet` field:
+
* The `subnets` field is mandatory.
* The type for the `subnets` field is `cidr` and `hostSubnet`:
** `cidr` is the cluster subnet and accepts a string value.
** `hostSubnet` specifies the nodes subnet prefix that the cluster subnet is split to.
** For IPv6, only a `/64` length is supported for `hostSubnet`.

> 

Reviewer 4: ping me back when the joinsubnet and mtu pieces are clarified for re-reviews

<2> The `topology` field describes the network configuration, accepted values are `Layer2` and `Layer3`. Specifying a `Layer2` topology type creates one logical switch that is shared by all nodes.
<3> This field specifies the topology configuration, it can be `layer2` or `layer3`.
<4> Specifies `Primary` or `Secondary`. `Primary` is the only `role` specification supported in {product-version}.
<5> The maximum transmission units (MTU) is an optional field. The default value is `1400`. The boundary for IPv4 is 574, and for IPv6 it is 1280.
<6> For `Layer2` topology types the following specifies config details for the `subnet` field:
+
* The subnets field is optional.
* The subnets field is of type `string` and accepts standard CIDR formats for both IPv4 and IPv6.
* The subnets field accepts one or two items. For two items, they must be of a different family. For example, subnets values of `10.100.0.0/16` and `2001:db8::/64`.
* Layer2 subnets may be omitted. If omitted, users must configure IP addresses for the pods. As a consequence, port security only prevents MAC spoofing.

> * The Layer2 `subnets` field is mandatory when `ipamLifecycle` field is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Layer2 `subnets` field is mandatory when the `ipamLifecycle` field is specified.
```

> * Layer2 subnets may be omitted. If omitted, users must configure IP addresses for the pods. As a consequence, port security only prevents MAC spoofing.
> * The Layer2 `subnets` field is mandatory when `ipamLifecycle` field is specified.

Reviewer: Should these be in backticks? Since there's no space between Layer and 2
```suggestion
* `Layer2` subnets may be omitted. If omitted, users must configure IP addresses for the pods. As a consequence, port security only prevents MAC spoofing.
* The `Layer2` `subnets` field is mandatory when `ipamLifecycle` field is specified.
```

> <7> It is not recommended to set this field without explicit need and understanding of the OVN network topology. Specifies the routing between different segments within the Layer 2 network. Dual-stack clusters may set 2 subnets, one for each IP family, otherwise only 1 subnet is allowed. This field is only allowed for `Primary` network. When omitted, the platform will choose a reasonable default which is subject to change over time.

Reviewer: Feel like there's an article missing here:
```suggestion
<7> It is not recommended to set this field without explicit need and understanding of the OVN network topology. Specifies the routing between different segments within the Layer 2 network. Dual-stack clusters may set 2 subnets, one for each IP family, otherwise only 1 subnet is allowed. This field is only allowed for the `Primary` network. When omitted, the platform will choose a reasonable default which is subject to change over time.
```

.. Create a YAML file, such as `my-layer-three-udn.yaml`, to define your request as in the following example:
+
[source, yaml]
----
apiVersion: k8s.ovn.org/v1
kind: UserDefinedNetwork
metadata:
  name: udn-2-primary # <1>
  namespace: <some_custom_namespace>
spec:
  topology: Layer3 # <2>
  layer3: # <3>
    role: Primary # <4>
    mtu: 1300 # <5>
    subnets: # <6>
      - cidr: 10.150.0.0/16
        hostsubnet: 24
      - cidr: 2001:db8::/60
        hostsubnet: 64
    JoinSubnets: [] # <7>
----
<1> Name of your `UserDefinedNetwork` resource. This should not be `default` or duplicate any global namespaces created by the Cluster Network Operator (CNO).
<2> The `topology` field describes the network configuration, accepted values are `Layer2` and `Layer3`. Specifying a `Layer3` topology type creates a layer 2 segment per node, each with a different subnet. Layer 3 routing is used to interconnect node subnets.

> <3> This field specifies the topology configuration, it can be `layer2` or `layer3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> This field specifies the topology configuration, valid values are `layer2` or `layer3`.
```

> <4> Specifies `Primary` or `Secondary`. `Primary` is the only `role` specification supported in {product-version}.

Reviewer: Suggestion for clarity:
```suggestion
<4> Specifies a `Primary` or `Secondary` role. `Primary` is the only `role` specification supported in {product-version}.
```

<5> The maximum transmission units (MTU) is an optional field. The default value is `1400`. The boundary for IPv4 is 574, and for IPv6 it is 1280.
<6> For `Layer3` topology types the following specifies config details for the `subnet` field:
+
* The `subnets` field is mandatory.

> * The type for `subnets` field is `cidr` and `hostsubnet`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The type for the `subnets` field is `cidr` and `hostsubnet`:
```

** `cidr` is the cluster subnet and accepts a string value.
** `hostSubnet` specifies the nodes subnet prefix that the cluster subnet is split to.

> ** For IPv6, only `/64` length is supported for `hostsubnet`.

Reviewer: I think an article would make sense here? not sure:
```suggestion
** For IPv6, only a `/64` length is supported for `hostsubnet`.
```

Author: agree

> <7> It is not recommended to set this field without explicit need and understanding of the OVN network topology. Specifies the routing between different segments within the Layer 3 network. Dual-stack clusters may set 2 subnets, one for each IP family, otherwise only 1 subnet is allowed. This field is only allowed for `Primary` network. When omitted, the platform will choose a reasonable default which is subject to change over time.

Reviewer: Same comment as earlier:
```suggestion
<7> It is not recommended to set this field without explicit need and understanding of the OVN network topology. Specifies the routing between different segments within the Layer 3 network. Dual-stack clusters may set 2 subnets, one for each IP family, otherwise only 1 subnet is allowed. This field is only allowed for the `Primary` network. When omitted, the platform will choose a reasonable default which is subject to change over time.
```

.. Apply your request by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc apply -f my-layer-two-udn.yaml

Reviewer: Is it intentional that only the layer two file is being applied here? If you are only supposed to make one or the other yaml files, maybe you can change the file name to a user-replaced value. Then, you could use elements like a description list or callout to tell users to specify the yaml they chose. Or even an example command.

Either way it's up to you, but right now it reads like no matter which kind of file you made, you're only supposed to apply a file with the layer 2 name

Author: done

----

. Verify that your request is successful by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----

> $ oc get userdefinednetworks udn-1 -n some-custom-namespace -o yaml

Reviewer: I feel like because this is actually a user-replaced value that users could have set to whatever in the yaml files, maybe this should stay in angle brackets:
```suggestion
$ oc get userdefinednetworks udn-1 -n <some_custom_namespace> -o yaml
```

Author: Fair enough

<8> Specifies the IP address management system (IPAM). This field is optional and allowed when `topology` is `layer2`. The
`subnets` field must be specified when this field is specified. The `Persistent` value specifies that workloads have persistent IP addresses. Assigned by the container network interface (CNI) and used by OVN-Kubernetes to program pod IP addresses. You must not change this for pod annotations.

.. Create a YAML file, such as `my-layer-three-udn.yaml`, to define your request as in the following example:
+
[source, yaml]
----
apiVersion: k8s.ovn.org/v1
kind: UserDefinedNetwork
metadata:
  name: udn-2-primary # <1>
  namespace: <some_custom_namespace>
spec:
  topology: Layer3 # <2>
  layer3: # <3>
    role: Primary # <4>
    mtu: 1300 # <5>
    subnets: # <6>
      - cidr: 10.150.0.0/16
        hostsubnet: 24
      - cidr: 2001:db8::/60
        hostsubnet: 64

>     JoinSubnets: [] # <7>

Reviewer 4: typo? :) 
were these yamls run on a live cluster? even if Or has read these and I trust him ofc, can we please run ALL UDN yamls on a cluster to make sure they are legit, should take like 5 mins to do k apply -f

>     JoinSubnets: [] # <7>

Reviewer 5: Same exmaple works w/o setting MTU, pod gets MTU 1400 which is the default and expected.

>     JoinSubnets: [] # <7>

Author: Ack, updated.

<2> The `topology` field describes the network configuration, accepted values are `Layer2` and `Layer3`. Specifying a `Layer2` topology type creates one logical switch that is shared by all nodes.
<3> This field specifies the topology configuration, it can be `layer2` or `layer3`.
<4> Specifies `Primary` or `Secondary`. `Primary` is the only `role` specification supported in {product-version}.
<5> The maximum transmission units (MTU) is an optional field. The default value is `1400`. The boundary for IPv4 is 574, and for IPv6 it is 1280.
<6> For `Layer2` topology types the following specifies config details for the `subnet` field:
+
* The subnets field is optional.

* The subnets field is of type `string` and accepts standard CIDR formats for both IPv4 and IPv6.

* The subnets field accepts one or two items. For two items, they must be of a different family. For example, subnets values of `10.100.0.0/16` and `2001:db8::/64`.

* Layer2 subnets may be omitted. If omitted, users must configure IP addresses for the pods. As a consequence, port security only prevents MAC spoofing.

* The Layer2 `subnets` field is mandatory when `ipamLifecycle` field is specified.

> <7> It is not recommended to set this field without explicit need and understanding of the OVN network topology. Dual-stack clusters may set 2 subnets, one for each IP family, otherwise only 1 subnet is allowed. This field is only allowed for `Primary` network. When omitted, the platform will choose a reasonable default which is subject to change over time.

Reviewer 3: do we explain elsewhere what this attribute does ? 

I'm afraid we discourage its use (good) but we do not add any info/context about it.

Author: I updated as best I understand, please check. I guess my larger question is whether it is worth defining this more or if we should simply remove it?

<8> Specifies the IP address management system (IPAM). This field is optional and allowed when `topology` is `layer2`. The
`subnets` field must be specified when this field is specified. The `Persistent` value specifies that workloads have persistent IP addresses. Assigned by the container network interface (CNI) and used by OVN-Kubernetes to program pod IP addresses. You must not change this for pod annotations.

.. Create a YAML file, such as `my-layer-three-udn.yaml`, to define your request with content as in the following example:
+
[source, yaml]
----
apiVersion: k8s.ovn.org/v1
kind: UserDefinedNetwork
metadata:
  name: udn-2 # <1>
  namespace: <some_custom_namespace>
spec:
  topology: Layer3 # <2>
  layer3: <3>
    role: Primary # <4>
    mtu: 9000 # <5>
    subnets:
      - "10.0.0.0/24"

>       - "2001:db8::/64" # <6>

Reviewer 3: shouldn't we provide an example w/ hostSubnet defined ?

Author: done

Reviewer 3: Nice; maybe also good to define one subnet per family, for dual-stack scenarios.

Reviewer 6: From the code, I believe only /64 IPv6 hostsubnet  are supported and we should explicitly mention that cc @ormergi @maiqueb

Author: Updated note 6 to include `/64` limitation. @ormergi and @maiqueb

Reviewer 3: OK, just found this in the code:
https://github.com/ovn-org/ovn-kubernetes/blob/369ac907f9123cfaff68868cad3389d20201508c/go-controller/pkg/config/utils.go#L96

Does seem we only support /64 subnets. It deserves a callout for sure.

Reviewer 6: Thanks @maiqueb That was an easy find. Not sure why I couldn't locate. @JoeAldinger that limitation is just for hostsubnet so callout can be changed to `For IPv6, only `/64` host subnet length is supported`

Author: Updated, I removed the note from Layer2 because it doesn't seem relevant, but updated it for `hostsubnet` in Layer3 using IPv6. @anuragthehatter and @maiqueb

<2> The `topology` field describes the network configuration, accepted values are `Layer2` and `Layer3`. Specifying a `Layer2` topology type creates one logical switch that is shared by all nodes.
<3> This field specifies the topology configuration, it can be `layer2` or `layer3`.
<4> Specifies `Primary` or `Secondary`. `Primary` is the only `role` specification supported in {product-version}.
<5> The maximum transmission units (MTU) is an optional field. The default value is `1400`. The boundary for IPv4 is 574, and for IPv6 it is 1280.
<6> For `Layer2` topology types the following specifies config details for the `subnet` field:
+
* The subnets field is optional.

* The subnets field is of type `string` and accepts standard CIDR formats for both IPv4 and IPv6.

* The subnets field accepts one or two items. For two items, they must be of a different family. For example, subnets values of `10.100.0.0/16` and `2001:db8::/64`.

* Layer2 subnets may be omitted. If omitted, users must configure IP addresses for the pods. As a consequence, port security only prevents MAC spoofing.

* The Layer2 `subnets` field is mandatory when `ipamLifecycle` field is specified.

> <7> It is not recommended to set this field without explicit need and understanding of the OVN network topology. Specifies the routing between different segments within the Layer 2 network. Dual-stack clusters may set 2 subnets, one for each IP family, otherwise only 1 subnet is allowed. This field is only allowed for `Primary` network. When omitted, the platform will choose a reasonable default which is subject to change over time.

Reviewer 3: @tssurya not sure we want to delve deeper here ...

I feel we should at least indicate when the user would want to override this value - i.e. when they use the default join value in their infra (for whatever reason ...).

Reviewer 6: Its ok  to me. To avoid any curiosity, I guess we can reference like for more info about default Join Subnets Please refer [this](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.16/networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/configure-ovn-kubernetes-subnets.html) or just leaving as is is also fine.

Reviewer 6: Well defaults values for UDN JoinSUbnets are https://github.com/ovn-org/ovn-kubernetes/blob/master/go-controller/pkg/types/const.go#L141.

So may be we can improve callout to say avoid overlap with those.

Author: @anuragthehatter @ormergi thought it best to remove these fields so I did. I think they are a bit in the weeds and also might be covered better in virt use cases.

  uid: f483626d-6846-48a1-b88e-6bbeb8bcde8c
spec:
  layer2:

>     mtu: 1400

Reviewer 5: I think we can remove this as well

Author: done
